Use Case 1: Fighter jet selection:
Basic flow:
1. After selecting game start, the UI interface will indicate the player to select from 3 different fighter jets.
2. Each jet has it's unique wepon system.
Alternative flows:
1. The jets should be unlocked after finishing the campaign modes 
2. If player click the quit button, the game will go back to the main menu.

Use Case 2: Campain mode level design
Use Case 2.1 General level design:
Basic flow: 
1. After user selects fighter jet, each different type of jets has it's own wepon system, including bullet, laser and missile.
2. Enemy will disapper following certain patterns, the progress bar will indicate the progress of the current level.
3. Boss will appear when the progress bar hits 90%.
4. After destroying the boss, the player will enter next level.
5. After all 3 levels are finished, the campaign mode is finished and 2 other modes will be locked.
Alternative flow:
1. After the jet is hit, the helath bar will deduct 1/3，the jet will be destoried after 3 hits.
2. When all the jets are destoried, the player will have one chance to continue the game. The second failure will leads to the return to main menu.

Use Case 2.2 Difficulty 
Basic flow:
1. The lives will be impacted by the difficulty.
2. The enemy quantity will be impacted by the difficulty.
Alternative flow:
1. The player can choose to change the difficulty during the progression of the level, however the level will bring restared.

Use case 2.3 Bonus system 
Basic flow:
1. After the enemies are destoried, bonus objects or coins will be created.
2. The bonus objects includes wepon upgrading and bonus lives.
3. The coins will converted to points once the player fethced them.
Alternative flow:
1. The maximum wepon syetem is 3，afterwards the objects will be turned into points.
2. The maximum lives is 4， afterwards the objects will be turned into points.
3. The objects will moving around the map andoi bounce the boundaries for 3 times, they will disappear the next time they reach the boundary.

